Update email_configuration.rst (#7878)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_server/email_configuration.rst

able to send emails. You may have a mail server on the same machine as Nextcloud,
or it may be a remote server.

> To access the setup page below log in with an Admin account.  Click on your Profile
> icon in the top right, and then click Settings.  On  the left sode under
> Administration and click Basic settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the setup page below log in with an admin account. Click on your avatar
in the top right, and then click Settings. On the left side under Administration and
click Basic settings.
```
